1. I realized that the location validation concept was not needed when I naturally had that handled through the historical context agent concept. [HistoricalContextAgent Implementation](design/concepts/HistoricalContextAgent/implementation.md)
2. Once I noticed that the location validation concept was not needed, I also noticed a hole in my plan in that I had users but no way to ensure users were unique or allow users to maintain a profile. So this is how I decided I needed a user authentication concept. [UserAuthentication Implementation](design/concepts/UserAuthentication/implementation.md)
3. When I had both the location ledger and the historical context agent codes built, I realized that I had the ledger storing all the data and using the historical context agent simply for generation. I needed to create more modularity by having the historical context agent save its own chats and allow the ledger to focus on just the main locations for a given user. This allows chats to be seperate from the system for finding chats. [LocationChatLedger Implementation](design/concepts/LocationChatLedger/implementation.md) | [HistoricalContextAgent Implementation](design/concepts/HistoricalContextAgent/implementation.md)
4. I wanted to see the system in action with my own coordinates, so I created a CLI that allows me to enter coordinates and radius and get the output from the historical context agent. [CLI](src/historical-cli.ts) | [HistoricalContextAgent Implementation](design/concepts/HistoricalContextAgent/implementation.md) | [HistoricalContextAgent Testing](design/concepts/HistoricalContextAgent/testing.md)
5. The one thing that I think is missing from this but can be implemented at a later date is the coordinate fetching system. I need to do some research and find how to fetch coordinates from a systems GPS. This is minimal and so I've left it for later. It cannot be that complicated since so many IOS apps use GPS.